What are you doing?
Live stream delivery
Um, hi.
Well, there's a little yellow cart below me.
I didn't expect it.
Usually so careless alone
There is something wrong in front of the screen
Look at your sister-in-law's illness
Just help you
You give me a high jump
I bought all your stuff.
What!
I'll dance for you and you'll buy everything
But I can't dance
And I'm not an entertainment anchor either.
Sorry about that.
Hey, don't go, don't go, don't go
Well, let me try, let me try, don't go, don't go
But... but I'm not very good at dancing.
And you'll have a look at it.
Ah, but thank you for your support, Brother West Wind.
I'll give you q meters with a knife.
Give it all to Hope Primary School
Sleep
Well, why don't you sleep at night?
Go upstairs to sleep
Sister Luoying, come here, I have something to ask you.
Sit down, you say
I have a friend
He accidentally slept with his boyfriend yesterday.
Will he get pregnant?
I don't know.
Most people have a hard time getting pregnant for the first time
And if you want to conceive, you must do it well
Be well prepared
What if he drinks and takes medicine?
So the adoption rate is even lower.
Hey, you have to know that you are pregnant?
It has to be in the right place at the right time.
Even couples who have been together for a long time
It doesn't mean that you can pay it back if you want.
Hey master
We only have 4 sisters in total
When did you make a new friend?
Nope.
Could it be Zhong Yao and Qing Wan?
Hey, no, they don't have a partner.
No no
It's poetry.
Is this person you're talking about?